# Movie Recommender Project Content Based

This project is a movie recommendation system implemented using two different approaches: popularity-based recommendation and content-based recommendation. The recommendation system suggests movies to users based on their preferences and viewing history.

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Popularity-Based Recommendation](#popularity-based-recommendation)
4. [Content-Based Recommendation](#content-based-recommendation)
7. [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Movie Recommender project is designed to provide users with personalized movie recommendations. It utilizes two main strategies: popularity-based recommendation and content-based recommendation.

- **Popularity-Based Recommendation**: This approach recommends movies based on their overall popularity among users. It suggests popular movies that are highly rated and widely watched.

- **Content-Based Recommendation**: This approach recommends movies similar to those a user has already liked. It analyzes the content of movies (such as genres, actors, directors, etc.) and recommends similar movies based on these attributes.

## Usage

To use the movie recommender system, users can interact with the provided interface. They can:

- Input their preferences (e.g., favorite movies, genres).
- View recommendations generated by both popularity-based and content-based algorithms.
- Explore additional details about recommended movies, such as ratings, cast, and plot summaries.

## Popularity-Based Recommendation

Popularity-based recommendation relies on the overall popularity and ratings of movies. It recommends movies that have been highly rated and widely watched by the general audience. This approach is useful for suggesting popular and critically acclaimed movies to users.

## Content-Based Recommendation

Content-based recommendation focuses on the attributes and features of movies themselves. It recommends movies similar to those a user has already liked, based on shared characteristics such as genres, actors, directors, and plot themes. This approach is beneficial for suggesting personalized recommendations tailored to individual preferences.

## Installation

To run the Movie Recommender project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/movie-recommender.git
